Update HTTP API Rate Limits (#5218)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/http-api/index.md

## Rate Limits

> Segment recommends not exceeding 100,000 requests per second with the HTTP API. Additionally, for [`batch` requests](#batch), there's a limit of 500 KB per request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment recommends you to not exceed 100,000 requests per second with the HTTP API. For [`batch` requests](#batch), there's a limit of 500 KB per request. 
```
